# Blog Project
### Intentions
My intent with this project is to provide an opportunity where I can learn Next.js and show my skills with web-development and JavaScript. That being said, this project is in no way meant to look aesthetically beautiful, but to be very full-featured and thought out. I may later come back with styling and other things, but for now It'll be pretty bare-bones.
### Licensing 
<<<<<<< HEAD
This code is licensed under GNU Affero General Public License 3.0. The full contents of the license can be found in the LICENSE.txt file. As a courtey, please leave a comment on the repository if you are planning on using the code in a large project, so I can see where my code is being used.
=======
This code is licensed under GNU General Public License Version 3. The full legal code can be found at [https://www.gnu.org/licenses/gpl-3.0.html](https://www.gnu.org/licenses/gpl-3.0.html) or in the LICENSE.md file. In layman's terms, you can copy and distribute the software to others, and even charge for it, as long as you provide the source code and license information. You can also modify the software and distribute your modified version, as long as you release it under the same license and provide the source code. Additionally, the GPLv3 gives you the right to use the software for any purpose, commercial or non-commercial, without any restrictions. However, if you distribute the software, you must comply with the terms of the license, including providing the source code and license information to anyone who receives the software. (Please note this description has no legal applications and to know your rights using this code, the full license should be read) As a courtey, please leave a comment on the repository if you are planning on using the code in a large project, so I can see where my code is being used. If you need a different licensing agreement, please send me an email and I'd be happy to negotiate these terms. 
>>>>>>> 22a833d97c73ed6e04881b9c7f1f1d6ed5dff213
